oh god no I don't wanna click on I'm not
gonna get when you click if they say no
to you I say we say no to them if they
don't want my baby they're stupid
[Music]
[Applause]
when I became a dad I made a choice
to support my daughter's greens Alex
thinks we can afford tuition and we
can't fifty million dollars thousand
honey oh we don't have the money she
can't go to college we got a lie that's
what parents do cuz otherwise the kids
are gonna realize it we don't know what
we're doing
welcome I have a way for you guys to
make four years tuition in one month
underground casino seems to check out do
this ma'am you're 40 years old and you
go to jail for 20 years how old are you
when you get out 90 no 100 honey if I
have some scratch paper I can figure it
out you want to make money like Vegas
you gotta look like Vegas we've got a
nail salon massages you're never gonna
believe what's in this next room is it a
strip club that kid that kids 11 he's a
fantastic DJ drop that beat
[Music]
your mother and I will be working late
every night I feel like you're lying you
love you so much
we're so proud of you but you need to
shut up what did you just say
so hard being a parent something fishy
going on with those three friends
fighting word casino we ever heard a
fight night no more pretty good in there
they both take the same MMA class at the
Y G daughter are those women's
sunglasses no there tell you I feel like
a badass I'm not gonna tell my
daughter she can't go to college so we
resorted to a life of crime
guys we've got a problem we gotta send a
message like DeNiro casino you think you
can cheat us what are you guys gonna do
about it anyways I'm so scared tell your
friends if they mess with us you're
gonna get